Context specific images (#2203)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/guides/contextual-images.mdx

> # Contextual Images

Author: This is a "How-to" guide in the way that @emersonlaurentino proposed we do in the past. I did this for my benefit as well. It's not necessary but I think it's a good idea!

> Sometimes store owners want images to appear only in specific contexts, for example a product image that should appear only on the SKU Selector, but not on the gallery.
> 
> For backwards compatibility, whenever a context is not found as a Label on a Product's images all the images are returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes store owners want images to appear only in specific contexts, such as a product image that should appear only on the SKU Selector, not on the gallery.

For backward compatibility, all the images are returned whenever a context is not found as a Label on a Product's images.
```

## How to use contextual images

> ### 1. Use Labels on VTEX Catalog
> On VTEX's catalog, you should set the Label field of the product image to a context name.  The only label with special meaning is `generic`. If you label an image with `generic` you won't be able to filter for that individual label, you will always end up with the full set of images.
> 
> In this example we're going to add the `gallery` label to images that we want to display on the PDP's Image Gallery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Use Labels on VTEX Catalog

On VTEX's catalog, you should set the Label field of the product image to a context name.  The only label with special meaning is `generic`. If you label an image with `generic` you won't be able to filter for that individual label, you will always end up with the full set of images.

In this example, we're going to add the `gallery` label to images that we want to display on the PDP's Image Gallery.
```

### 2. Query for the correct images on their context

> Add fragments to both ServerProductQuery and ClientProductQuery:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add fragments to both `ServerProductQuery` and `ClientProductQuery`:
```

        const { data } = usePDP();
        const [selectedIndex, setSelectedIndex] = useState<number>(0);

        // Instead of using the images being passed to the ImageGallery Component, we are using the galleryImages we specifically asked for.  
        const currentImage = data.product.galleryImages[selectedIndex];

        return (
          <ImageGallery
            images={data.product.galleryImages}
            ImageComponent={ImageComponent}
            selectedImageIdx={selectedIndex}
            setSelectedImageIdx={setSelectedIndex}
            data-fs-product-details-gallery="true"
          >
            <ImageGalleryViewer>
              <Image
                sizes="(max-width: 360px) 50vw, (max-width: 768px) 90vw, 50vw"
                width={691}
                height={691 * (3 / 4)}
                loading="eager"
                src={currentImage.url}
                alt={currentImage.alternateName}
              />
            </ImageGalleryViewer>
          </ImageGallery>
        );
      },
    },
  },
};

export { override };
```

### 4. Selecting an image for the SKU Selector

> The FastStore API defines a special name for images that are supposed to appear on SKU Selector. The first image labeled `skuvariation` on the Catalog will automatically appear on the SKU Selector. If no image has the `skuvariation` label, the first image of the SKU will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FastStore API defines a special name for images that are supposed to appear on the SKU Selector. The first image labeled `skuvariation` on the Catalog will automatically appear on the SKU Selector. If no image has the `skuvariation` label, the first image of the SKU will be displayed.
```

## Trade-offs

> If you need an image to appear on different contexts (SKU Selector and Product Gallery) you should upload it twice and set different labels for each of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need an image to appear in different contexts (SKU Selector and Product Gallery) you should upload it twice and set different labels for each of the images.
```
